at a jungle hut this female finds a saw
despite being totally wild somehow she
has worked out what to do with it
like us a rhino turns have an opposable
thumb that allows them to grasp and
handle objects with precision over 20
years ago a rescue orangutans learned
how to solve by watching people
constructing the huts here but this is a
totally different and wild orangutan she
seems to take pride in her work even
clearing away the sawdust she's so smart
she uses her feet as a vice to steady
the branch filming a wild born and free
living orangutan mastering this complex
task is remarkable but no she's not the
only orangutan sawing
spy orangutan has joined her
[Music]
seems to be bringing out a competitive
streak she's becoming even more
enthusiastic
[Music]
but for a novice sawing is tiring work
she's lost all momentum
[Music]
then finally colza today spy orangutans
may have machine-like stamina but is the
astonishing and versatile mind of the
real orangutan that's one the day she
certainly earned her rest
[Music]
[Applause]